i have mixed feelings of this game
it would be a good addition to any collection
i have tried recipes from various sections and have never been disappointed
in real life the color looks more like charcoal gray
i like this compact machine as it works well for a home office
i was immensely disappointed by this recording
basically you get what you pay for
my main problem is that it's not very loud
i was excited to open the box today and put it on
this edition is worth owning in your film library
i will never buy overpriced japanese brand tv any more
the opening pages of this story were rather choppy
it makes everyone in it smile
i called the customer service line and they were very helpful
fellow coffee drinkers should know exactly what i mean
have tried several times with no luck
the band is wonderful as well
i love it as a child and still love it now
some of the episodes are very interesting
i'll revisit the poetry another day and see what happens
i really regret buying this item
seems to work appropriately for some purposes
i got them in a week more or less
poor product design that is not based around the users
it is much smaller than I anticipated
she has written several books about maintaining a sugar free lifestyle.
the crayons are really hard to get the color on
product was easy to assemble, get up and run
i guess she's still acting even when she sings
like the way it folds for storage
this movie is pure genius and amazing
this was a great marketing idea for sony
but then it just got old too fast
this one was advertised as cordless
this book also has a different way of speaking
its philosophy is so pragmatical and valuable in every arena of life
it is hard to find them in the winter
applied to my tent to beef up the factory waterproofing
try to catch the series on tv
a good reference is way more useful
nothing fancy but good for every day wine glasses
i also discovered there are no refunds on digital products
this book is great in the reality check factor
an unusual twist on many old favorites
they did not honor my warranty
i loved it but a younger person would not
it just works great with this paper
mine did not live up to its reputation
i enjoyed this book very much.
the price for this used paperback was exorbitant
had been unable to find book in local bookstores
a couple of the movies are quite good.
the only drawback is the poorly done ending.
i write this review from that perspective.
the gameplay is sloppy and the animation is a joke.
i was sure i wasn't going to like it
not what i anticipated but the product is functional.
when it arrived the balls were either blue or orange.
i am currently reading something else.
it was very easy to assemble and seems very sturdy.